# How-to-do-things-with-video-games

Similar to many of our Bitsy creations, they weren’t constructed under the pretext of creating something fun but rather they were meant to convey a story/message. Games themselves don’t need to conform to the idea of “fun” or “entertaining” to be perceived as such. In the end, it’s the players' individual perceptions of that game that determine whether they found the game enjoyable. Although this is the case, there are ways that game developers can reinforce their games to be adaptable to a larger group by employing unique mechanics, visual elements, creative writing, etc. that will grab their target audience's attention. Outside of the gaming sphere, there are other forms of entertainment that do not conform to the ideas needing to be fun. An example of this is the movie industry. Of course there are many movies tailored for entertainment, such as superhero and comedy movies; however, there are others that carry a more somber tone. These movies act as more of a diary/ documentary of events that are meant to convey a message. They can still elicit a sense of enjoyment from their audience through word play that breaks up the tone of the movie on occasion, for example comedic relief characters; however, this is not entirely the goal.
 
When it comes to the idea of weak characters in games, I believe they are meant to represent a relatable perspective to the actual human experience. Unlike the unrealistic nature of having superpowers or a hero-like destiny predetermined by some grandiose prophecy,  games that have players play the role of the weak, leave room for players to impose themselves onto the character. I feel as though there is a deeper connection to be made between the story and the player when weakness becomes the major factor a player must cope with. It places greater weight on the decisions made by the player, which I believe derives a greater sense of satisfaction come end-game. It gives the player the impression that their choices now matter for later, unlike other games where regardless of your choices, the end result is that your character will triumph over adversity. 
